feat: add additional information to README.md (#401)
helpwave/services: README.md

5. Run `./migrate.sh task-svc up` to run the migrations or do it manually by [installing migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate)
6. Run the service
   > Most of our services can be run via `go run main.go`. In the future, we will provide some more convenient ways to setup all services directly via Dapr.

> 7. Add the following as Metadata in your requests:
> 	- `X-Organization: 3b25c6f5-4705-4074-9fc6-a50c28eba406`
> 	- `dapr-app-id: service-name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. For direct client to service requests via gRPC, add the following metadata to your requests:
	- `X-Organization: [An organization id. Most requests are performed on the side of an organization. The id must be part of your passed access token]`
	- `dapr-app-id: [the app id of the targeted service]`
```
